_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Removing pages, adding fun stuff

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Game Developer #<a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: its_me.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>San Francisco, California</p>

social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Hi! I'm <b>Jess Zhu</b>. I am a <b>game developer</b> with a B.S. in <b>Computer Science</b> with a focus in Games from the <b>University of Southern California</b>. I am passionate about making interactive experiences that engage with a wide audience.

I've worked with <b>MSG Sphere Entertainment</b> and <b>TogetherLabs</b> to create real time interactions using <b>Unreal Engine 5</b>. I especially enjoy working on the subtler elements, such as audio and haptics, to elevate the immersion. I frequently collaborate with designers and artists to bring their visions to life. 

I'm excited to continue pushing the boundaries of what a game is, and captivate the public with innovative experiences.
